Delay Estimation Between Two Signals with Compressed Sensing
===

### Brief Introduction

In this study, we propose to develop a **low-communication cost** cross-correlation method. Our method can compute the cross-correlation **in situ** without exchanging the raw noise signals among the nodes. A blessing which enables the low communication cost cross-correlation is that the time-domain cross-correlation can be implemented in the frequency domain as the product of two Fourier transform of two signals (and then the inverse Fourier transform will get back the time-domain cross-correlation). Therefore, every node can compute the Fourier transform of the raw signal. Moreover, since for the subsequent imaging step, usually we only need a relatively narrow band-width (which has to do with the fact that we are only interested in a certain depth of the subsurface structure), and hence, every node can perform a band-pass filtering of their own signal and only transmit the frequency content in the narrow frequency range. This greatly reduces the amount of data to be transmitted. 

Second, we can further reduce the communication cost by harvesting the recent success of **compressed sensing** for imaging, more particular, the **compressed matched filtering** \cite{EftekhariRomberg13,VovnoboyWiesel13**. Since in ANSI, for subsequent imaging, ultimately we are only interested in estimating **a single delay parameter** (which corresponds to the phase-shift in the cross-correlation signal), which corresponds to a 1-sparse signal in the signal processing language. We can convert the cross-correlation for ANSI to a delay parameter estimation problem, similar to the compressed match filtering approach. The basic set-up is that, we can further down-sample the frequency content at each node (e.g., take a non-uniform random downsample of the low-passed filtered FFT coefficient), become sending them out. Then at the recovery side, the node can take these received samples and solve a simple least-square type of optimization problem to recover the delay (which is used for subsequent imaging). Note that non-uniform downsampling part requires us to solve an optimization problem instead of taking a inverse Fourier transform and ``finding the peak'' through the frequency-time-analysis (FTAN) to recover the delay parameter.

Finally, instead of having all nodes to compute cross-correlation between them , we can only have the neighboring nodes compute cross-correlation between them locally. The premise is that the ``useful'' signal usually exhibit among neighboring nodes; in otherwise, the neighboring nodes tend to have higher signal-to-noise (SNR) and their cross-correlation are of higher quality that contribute to the subsequent ANSI part. Ideally, this will reduce the communication cost. We propose characterize how to choose $K$ in our work, as it entails a tradeoff in the image quality and the communication cost, and its choice depends on the SNR and the set-up of the system. 

Test Results on Utah Dataset
---
